the book of Judges now after the death
the book of Judges now after the death of Joshua it came to pass that the
of Joshua it came to pass that the
of Joshua it came to pass that the children of Israel asked the Lord who
children of Israel asked the Lord who
children of Israel asked the Lord who shall be first to go up for us against
shall be first to go up for us against
shall be first to go up for us against the Canaanites to fight against them and
the Canaanites to fight against them and
the Canaanites to fight against them and the Lord said Judah shall go up indeed I
the Lord said Judah shall go up indeed I
the Lord said Judah shall go up indeed I have delivered the land into his hand
have delivered the land into his hand
have delivered the land into his hand so Judah said to Simeon his brother come
so Judah said to Simeon his brother come
so Judah said to Simeon his brother come up with me to my allotted territory that
up with me to my allotted territory that
up with me to my allotted territory that we may fight against the Canaanites and
we may fight against the Canaanites and
we may fight against the Canaanites and I will likewise go with you to your
I will likewise go with you to your
I will likewise go with you to your allotted territory and Simeon went with
allotted territory and Simeon went with
allotted territory and Simeon went with him then Judah went up and the Lord
him then Judah went up and the Lord
him then Judah went up and the Lord delivered the Canaanites and the
delivered the Canaanites and the
delivered the Canaanites and the parasites into their hand and they
parasites into their hand and they
parasites into their hand and they killed ten thousand men at pisac
killed ten thousand men at pisac
killed ten thousand men at pisac and they found Adonai Bezeq in vizac and
and they found Adonai Bezeq in vizac and
and they found Adonai Bezeq in vizac and fought against him and they defeated the
fought against him and they defeated the
fought against him and they defeated the Canaanites and the pyramids then at an
Canaanites and the pyramids then at an
Canaanites and the pyramids then at an IB zeg fled and they pursued him and
IB zeg fled and they pursued him and
IB zeg fled and they pursued him and caught him and cut off his thumbs and
caught him and cut off his thumbs and
caught him and cut off his thumbs and big toe and a deny jesus said seventy
big toe and a deny jesus said seventy
big toe and a deny jesus said seventy Kings with their thumbs and big toes cut
Kings with their thumbs and big toes cut
Kings with their thumbs and big toes cut off used to gather scraps under my table
off used to gather scraps under my table
off used to gather scraps under my table as I have done so God as forbade me
when they brought him to Jerusalem and
when they brought him to Jerusalem and there he died
now the children of Judah fought against
now the children of Judah fought against Jerusalem and took it
Jerusalem and took it
Jerusalem and took it they struck it with the edge of the
they struck it with the edge of the
they struck it with the edge of the sword and set the city on fire and
sword and set the city on fire and
sword and set the city on fire and afterward the children of Judah went
afterward the children of Judah went
afterward the children of Judah went down to fight against the Canaanites who
down to fight against the Canaanites who
down to fight against the Canaanites who dwelt in the mountains in the Sun and in
dwelt in the mountains in the Sun and in
dwelt in the mountains in the Sun and in the lowland then Judah went against the
the lowland then Judah went against the
the lowland then Judah went against the Canaanites who dwelt in Hebron now the
Canaanites who dwelt in Hebron now the
Canaanites who dwelt in Hebron now the name of hebron was formally kir Jeff
name of hebron was formally kir Jeff
name of hebron was formally kir Jeff Abba and they killed sheesh I a hymen
Abba and they killed sheesh I a hymen
Abba and they killed sheesh I a hymen and tell my
from there they went against the
from there they went against the inhabitants of diba the name of diba was
inhabitants of diba the name of diba was
inhabitants of diba the name of diba was formerly Kirchhoff dzifa then Caleb said
formerly Kirchhoff dzifa then Caleb said
formerly Kirchhoff dzifa then Caleb said whoever attacks here jet seafarin takes
whoever attacks here jet seafarin takes
whoever attacks here jet seafarin takes it to him I will give my daughter AXA as
it to him I will give my daughter AXA as
it to him I will give my daughter AXA as wife and Earth neol the son of kinas
wife and Earth neol the son of kinas
wife and Earth neol the son of kinas Caleb's younger brother took it so he
Caleb's younger brother took it so he
Caleb's younger brother took it so he gave him his daughter AXA as wife where
gave him his daughter AXA as wife where
gave him his daughter AXA as wife where it happened
it happened
it happened when she came to him that she urged him
when she came to him that she urged him
when she came to him that she urged him to ask her father for a field and she
to ask her father for a field and she
to ask her father for a field and she dismounted from her donkey and Caleb
dismounted from her donkey and Caleb
dismounted from her donkey and Caleb said to her what do you wish
said to her what do you wish
said to her what do you wish give me a blessing since you have given
give me a blessing since you have given
give me a blessing since you have given me land in the South give me also
me land in the South give me also
me land in the South give me also Springs of water and Caleb gave her the
Springs of water and Caleb gave her the
Springs of water and Caleb gave her the upper Springs and the lower Springs now
upper Springs and the lower Springs now
upper Springs and the lower Springs now the children of the Kennett Moses
the children of the Kennett Moses
the children of the Kennett Moses father-in-law went up from the City of
father-in-law went up from the City of
father-in-law went up from the City of Palms with the children of Judah into
Palms with the children of Judah into
Palms with the children of Judah into the wilderness of Judah which lies in
the wilderness of Judah which lies in
the wilderness of Judah which lies in the south near a road and they went and
the south near a road and they went and
the south near a road and they went and dwelt among the people
dwelt among the people
dwelt among the people and Judah went with his brother Simeon
and Judah went with his brother Simeon
and Judah went with his brother Simeon and they attacked the Canaanites who
and they attacked the Canaanites who
and they attacked the Canaanites who inhabited Cephas and utterly destroyed
inhabited Cephas and utterly destroyed
inhabited Cephas and utterly destroyed it so the name of the city was called
it so the name of the city was called
it so the name of the city was called Palmer also Judah took Gaza with its
Palmer also Judah took Gaza with its
Palmer also Judah took Gaza with its territory ashqelon with its territory
territory ashqelon with its territory
territory ashqelon with its territory and eklund with its territory so the
and eklund with its territory so the
and eklund with its territory so the Lord was with Judah and they drove out
Lord was with Judah and they drove out
Lord was with Judah and they drove out the Mountaineers but they could not
the Mountaineers but they could not
the Mountaineers but they could not drive out the inhabitants of the lowland
drive out the inhabitants of the lowland
drive out the inhabitants of the lowland because they had chariots of iron and
because they had chariots of iron and
because they had chariots of iron and they gave Hebron to Caleb as Moses had
they gave Hebron to Caleb as Moses had
they gave Hebron to Caleb as Moses had said then he expelled from there the
said then he expelled from there the
said then he expelled from there the three sons of anak but the children of
three sons of anak but the children of
three sons of anak but the children of Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites
Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites
Benjamin did not drive out the Jebusites who inhabited Jerusalem so the Jebusites
who inhabited Jerusalem so the Jebusites
who inhabited Jerusalem so the Jebusites dwell with the children of Benjamin in
dwell with the children of Benjamin in
dwell with the children of Benjamin in Jerusalem to this day and the house of
Jerusalem to this day and the house of
Jerusalem to this day and the house of Joseph also went up against Bethel and
Joseph also went up against Bethel and
Joseph also went up against Bethel and the Lord was with them so the house of
the Lord was with them so the house of
the Lord was with them so the house of Joseph sent men to spy out Bethel the
Joseph sent men to spy out Bethel the
Joseph sent men to spy out Bethel the name of the city was formerly lusts and
name of the city was formerly lusts and
name of the city was formerly lusts and when the spies saw a man coming out of
when the spies saw a man coming out of
when the spies saw a man coming out of the city they said to him lutely show us
the city they said to him lutely show us
the city they said to him lutely show us the entrance to the city he will show
the entrance to the city he will show
the entrance to the city he will show you mercy so he showed them the entrance
you mercy so he showed them the entrance
you mercy so he showed them the entrance to the city and they struck the city
to the city and they struck the city
to the city and they struck the city with the edge of the sword but they let
with the edge of the sword but they let
with the edge of the sword but they let the man and all his family go and the
the man and all his family go and the
the man and all his family go and the man went to the land of the Hittites
man went to the land of the Hittites
man went to the land of the Hittites built a city and called its name lusts
built a city and called its name lusts
built a city and called its name lusts which is its name to this day however
which is its name to this day however
which is its name to this day however Manasseh did not drive out the
Manasseh did not drive out the
Manasseh did not drive out the inhabitants of Beth shion and its
inhabitants of Beth shion and its
inhabitants of Beth shion and its villages or Tanner and its villages or
villages or Tanner and its villages or
villages or Tanner and its villages or the inhabitants of door and its villages
the inhabitants of door and its villages
the inhabitants of door and its villages all the inhabitants of a Blee 'm and
all the inhabitants of a Blee 'm and
all the inhabitants of a Blee 'm and it's villages all the inhabitants of
it's villages all the inhabitants of
it's villages all the inhabitants of Megiddo and its villages for the
Megiddo and its villages for the
Megiddo and its villages for the Canaanites were determined to dwell in
Canaanites were determined to dwell in
Canaanites were determined to dwell in that land and it came to pass when
that land and it came to pass when
that land and it came to pass when Israel was strong that they put the
Israel was strong that they put the
Israel was strong that they put the Canaanites under tribute but did not
Canaanites under tribute but did not
Canaanites under tribute but did not completely drive them out voted ephraim
completely drive them out voted ephraim
completely drive them out voted ephraim drive out the Canaanites who dwelt in
drive out the Canaanites who dwelt in
drive out the Canaanites who dwelt in Giza
Giza
Giza so the Canaanites dwelt in Giza among
so the Canaanites dwelt in Giza among
so the Canaanites dwelt in Giza among them nor did Zebulon drive out the
them nor did Zebulon drive out the
them nor did Zebulon drive out the inhabitants of kitchen or the
inhabitants of kitchen or the
inhabitants of kitchen or the inhabitants of nail so the Canaanites
inhabitants of nail so the Canaanites
inhabitants of nail so the Canaanites dwelt among them and were put under
dwelt among them and were put under
dwelt among them and were put under tribute lauded asha drive out the
tribute lauded asha drive out the
tribute lauded asha drive out the inhabitants of acker all the inhabitants
inhabitants of acker all the inhabitants
inhabitants of acker all the inhabitants of Sidon or of our lab oxid hell BER
of Sidon or of our lab oxid hell BER
of Sidon or of our lab oxid hell BER ethic or Rehan
ethic or Rehan
ethic or Rehan so the Asha rites dwelt among the
so the Asha rites dwelt among the
so the Asha rites dwelt among the Canaanites the inhabitants of the land
Canaanites the inhabitants of the land
Canaanites the inhabitants of the land for they did not drive them out noted
for they did not drive them out noted
for they did not drive them out noted Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of
Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of
Naphtali drive out the inhabitants of beth shemesh all the inhabitants of beth
beth shemesh all the inhabitants of beth
beth shemesh all the inhabitants of beth anus but they dwelt among the Canaanites
anus but they dwelt among the Canaanites
anus but they dwelt among the Canaanites the inhabitants of the land
the inhabitants of the land
the inhabitants of the land nevertheless the inhabitants of death
nevertheless the inhabitants of death
nevertheless the inhabitants of death Shemesh and Beth Amos who put under
Shemesh and Beth Amos who put under
Shemesh and Beth Amos who put under tribute to them
tribute to them
tribute to them and the ammonites forced the children of
and the ammonites forced the children of
and the ammonites forced the children of dan into the mountains for they would
dan into the mountains for they would
dan into the mountains for they would not allow them to come down to the
not allow them to come down to the
not allow them to come down to the valley and the amorite were determined
valley and the amorite were determined
valley and the amorite were determined to dwell in mount harris in agile in'
to dwell in mount harris in agile in'
to dwell in mount harris in agile in' and in chez albert yet when the strength
and in chez albert yet when the strength
and in chez albert yet when the strength of the house of Joseph became greater
of the house of Joseph became greater
of the house of Joseph became greater they were put under tribute now the
they were put under tribute now the
they were put under tribute now the boundary of the Amorite was from the
boundary of the Amorite was from the
boundary of the Amorite was from the assent of a grab him from Sela and
assent of a grab him from Sela and
assent of a grab him from Sela and upward